#summary HttpRequester changelog


= Details =

==1.0:==
  # Updated to work with Firefox 4
  # Default to "http://" if no protocol is entered

==0.4: (02/03/2011)==
  # You can now save and load stored requests.
To save a request, click on a request in the history list and click Save Request. You can optionally give the request a name.
To load a request, click on Load Request - that will bring up a list of all saved requests. You can select any request to load it into your history to view it, or you can click the Execute button to execute it immediately.
  # Added explicit Delete Request button to remove selected transaction from history list. (You can also hit the Delete key)

==0.3: (01/19/2011)==
  # History list now shows elapsed time for all requests
  # Double-clicking a row in the history will show you a raw text version of the request and response
  # You can now edit raw requests by clicking the Edit Raw Request button; this is useful for making quick tweaks to a previous request, such as adding or changing a header
  # Paste Request button. You can now copy existing requests from the clipboard (such as a request captured from Live HTTP Headers) by clicking the
Paste Request button, and then executing the request.

==0.2: (08/01/2010)==
  # Reuse HttpRequester window if already open
  # Use HttpRequester icon to identify HttpRequester window

==0.1 adds many improvements (07/27/2010)==
  # requests/responses transactions now take place in a single window. A separate window is not opened for each response.
  # history of transactions is now recorded (and kept across sessions); can view past requests; re-execute them
  # HttpRequester opens in a proper window instead of a dialog; can be minimized, maximized
  # remembers recent URLs, header names, and content types (across sessions)
  # can copy a request/response to clipboard for pasting into bug report, etc
  # The UI has been minimialized and cleaned up a bit
  # Can hit &lt;esc> key to close window

==Preferences: via about:config==
  * extensions.httprequester.maxhistory - maximum number of requests to keep
  * extensions.httprequester.url.maxhistory - maximum number of URLs to keep
  * extensions.httprequester.contenttype.maxhistory - maximum number of content types to keep
  * extensions.httprequester.header.maxhistory - maximum number of header names to keep

  * extensions.httprequester.history
  * extensions.httprequester.url.history
  * extensions.httprequester.contentType.history
  * extensions.httprequester.header.history

  * extensions.httprequester.showAdvancedOptions - set this to true to cause some of the other buttons to appear (Google login, Save/Store/Import default URL/content type, timeout slider)

If you have any questions/comments/suggestions, shoot me a note. 